Data Science/Data Science.md, before:

# Data Science
---
**Topics**:
1. Big Data:
* ~~[PySpark](http://spark.apache.org/docs/2.0.0/api/python/pyspark.sql.html)~~
* ~~[Dask](http://dask.pydata.org/en/latest/)~~
* [Cassandra]()
* [Kafka]()
2. Data Analysis:
* ~~[pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/api.html)~~
* ~~[numPy](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/reference/)~~
3. Ploting:
* [bokeh](http://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest/docs/reference.html#refguide)
* ~~[matplotlib](http://matplotlib.org/contents.html)~~
* [seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/api.html)
* [ploty](https://plot.ly/python/reference/)
4. Machine Learning:
* [sciPy](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html)
* [scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html)
6. Natural Learning Processing:
* [scrapy](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/api.html)
* [nltk](http://www.nltk.org/api/nltk.html)
7. Deep Learning:
* [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/)

---
**Good Resources**
* Conferences:
	* [PyData](https://pydata.org/index.html)
* Meetups:
	* [Big Data University]()
* Books: look below
* Courses: look below

---
**One-off Tutorials**  
* scraPy, NLP data analysis cycle --> [link](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/skipgram/modern-nlp-in-python/blob/master/executable/Modern_NLP_in_Python.ipynb)
- - -
**Courses**  
~~[Statistical Learning](https://lagunita.stanford.edu/courses/HumanitiesSciences/StatLearning/Winter2016/info)~~:  
Stanford course based on **[An Introduction to Statistical Learning](http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~gareth/ISL/)**.  
A great introduction to basic machine learning models.

[Deep Learning for NLP](http://cs224d.stanford.edu/):  
- - -
**Books**
1. ~~Python for Data Analysis~~ by **Wes McKinney**
2. The Data Warehouse Toolkit - The Complete Guide to Dimensional Modelling by **Ralph Kimball**
3. ~~Learning Spark Lightning - Fast Big Data Analysis~~ by **Hodlen Karau, Andy Konwinski, Patrick Wendell & Matei Zaharia**
4. Advanced Analytics with Spark - Patterns for Learning from Data at Scale by **Sandy Ryza, Uri Laserson, Sean Owen & Josh Wills**
5. ~~An Introduction to Statistical Learning - With Applications in R~~ by **Gareth James, Daniela Witten, Trevor Hastie & Robert Tibshirani**
6. Deep Learning by **Ian Goodfellow, Yoshua Bengio, Aaron Courville**
7. Speech and Language Processing, 2nd Edition by **Daniel Jurafsky **
- - -
#### These books are more application driven
They go through examples with the library itself. More hands on experience.
**Current Reads**  
Data Science:  
* [The Hitchhiker's Guide to Python: Best Practices for Development](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1491933178/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)
* [Python Data Science Handbook](https://github.com/jakevdp/PythonDataScienceHandbook)
* [Data Science from Scratch](https://www.amazon.ca/Data-Science-Scratch-Principles-Python/dp/149190142X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1491797853&sr=8-1&keywords=Data+Science+from+Scratch++-+First+Principles+with+Python+-+Joel+Grus)

NLP:  
* [Natural Language Processing with Python](https://www.amazon.ca/Natural-Language-Processing-Python-Analyzing/dp/0596516495/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1491797973&sr=1-1&keywords=Natural+Language+Processing+with+Python+-+Steven+Bird%2C+Ewan+Klein+%26+Edward+Loper)

**Backlog**  
Spark/Big Data:  
* [Learning Spark Streaming: Best Practices for Scaling and Optimizing Apache Spark](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1491944242/ref=ox_sc_act_title_2?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)
* [Scala for Spark in Production: Fast distributed computing in the enterprise](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1491929286/ref=ox_sc_act_title_3?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)
* [Python for Finance: Analyze Big Financial Data](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1491945281/ref=ox_sc_act_title_5?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)

Cassandra:  
* [Cassandra: The Definitive Guide: Distributed Data at Web Scale](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1491933666/ref=ox_sc_act_title_4?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)

Data Mining:  
* [Mining the Social Web: Data Mining Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+, GitHub, and More](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1449367615/ref=ox_sc_act_title_6?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)
* [Web Scraping with Python - Collecting Data from the Modern Web](https://www.amazon.ca/Web-Scraping-Python-Collecting-Modern/dp/1491910291)

Commit message:

adding new deep learning resource

Data Science/Data Science.md, after:

# Data Science
---
**Topics**:
1. Big Data:
* ~~[PySpark](http://spark.apache.org/docs/2.0.0/api/python/pyspark.sql.html)~~
* ~~[Dask](http://dask.pydata.org/en/latest/)~~
* [Cassandra]()
* [Kafka]()
2. Data Analysis:
* ~~[pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/api.html)~~
* ~~[numPy](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/reference/)~~
3. Ploting:
* [bokeh](http://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest/docs/reference.html#refguide)
* ~~[matplotlib](http://matplotlib.org/contents.html)~~
* [seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/api.html)
* [ploty](https://plot.ly/python/reference/)
4. Machine Learning:
* [sciPy](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html)
* [scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html)
6. Natural Learning Processing:
* [scrapy](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/api.html)
* [nltk](http://www.nltk.org/api/nltk.html)
7. Deep Learning:
* [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/)

---
**Good Resources**
* Conferences:
	* [PyData](https://pydata.org/index.html)
* Meetups:
	* [Big Data University]()
* Books: look below
* Courses: look below

---
**One-off Tutorials**  
* scraPy, NLP data analysis cycle --> [link](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/skipgram/modern-nlp-in-python/blob/master/executable/Modern_NLP_in_Python.ipynb)
- - -
**Courses**  
~~[Statistical Learning](https://lagunita.stanford.edu/courses/HumanitiesSciences/StatLearning/Winter2016/info)~~:  
Stanford course based on **[An Introduction to Statistical Learning](http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~gareth/ISL/)**.  
A great introduction to basic machine learning models.

[Deep Learning for NLP](http://cs224d.stanford.edu/):  

[Deep Learning](http://course.fast.ai/lessons/lessons.html):  
Loads and loads of hands on learning. Ex-Kaggler teaches you how to win kaggle competitions.
- - -
**Books**
1. ~~Python for Data Analysis~~ by **Wes McKinney**
2. The Data Warehouse Toolkit - The Complete Guide to Dimensional Modelling by **Ralph Kimball**
3. ~~Learning Spark Lightning - Fast Big Data Analysis~~ by **Hodlen Karau, Andy Konwinski, Patrick Wendell & Matei Zaharia**
4. Advanced Analytics with Spark - Patterns for Learning from Data at Scale by **Sandy Ryza, Uri Laserson, Sean Owen & Josh Wills**
5. ~~An Introduction to Statistical Learning - With Applications in R~~ by **Gareth James, Daniela Witten, Trevor Hastie & Robert Tibshirani**
6. Deep Learning by **Ian Goodfellow, Yoshua Bengio, Aaron Courville**
7. Speech and Language Processing, 2nd Edition by **Daniel Jurafsky **
- - -
#### These books are more application driven
They go through examples with the library itself. More hands on experience.
**Current Reads**  
Data Science:  
* [The Hitchhiker's Guide to Python: Best Practices for Development](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1491933178/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)
* [Python Data Science Handbook](https://github.com/jakevdp/PythonDataScienceHandbook)
* [Data Science from Scratch](https://www.amazon.ca/Data-Science-Scratch-Principles-Python/dp/149190142X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1491797853&sr=8-1&keywords=Data+Science+from+Scratch++-+First+Principles+with+Python+-+Joel+Grus)

NLP:  
* [Natural Language Processing with Python](https://www.amazon.ca/Natural-Language-Processing-Python-Analyzing/dp/0596516495/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1491797973&sr=1-1&keywords=Natural+Language+Processing+with+Python+-+Steven+Bird%2C+Ewan+Klein+%26+Edward+Loper)

**Backlog**  
Spark/Big Data:  
* [Learning Spark Streaming: Best Practices for Scaling and Optimizing Apache Spark](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1491944242/ref=ox_sc_act_title_2?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)
* [Scala for Spark in Production: Fast distributed computing in the enterprise](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1491929286/ref=ox_sc_act_title_3?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)
* [Python for Finance: Analyze Big Financial Data](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1491945281/ref=ox_sc_act_title_5?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)

Cassandra:  
* [Cassandra: The Definitive Guide: Distributed Data at Web Scale](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1491933666/ref=ox_sc_act_title_4?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)

Data Mining:  
* [Mining the Social Web: Data Mining Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+, GitHub, and More](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/1449367615/ref=ox_sc_act_title_6?smid=A3DWYIK6Y9EEQB&psc=1)
* [Web Scraping with Python - Collecting Data from the Modern Web](https://www.amazon.ca/Web-Scraping-Python-Collecting-Modern/dp/1491910291)
